add Endpoints Description (#7329)
hashicorp/packer: website/source/docs/builders/alicloud-ecs.html.md

-   `tags` (object of key/value strings) - Tags applied to the destination
    image and relevant snapshots.

### Service endpoints:
      

> Considering network connectivities amond different countries, it's highly recommended to set the service endponit to the corresponding one described in our [official website](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/25489.htm). Default `endpoint` is `https://ecs-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering network connectivities among different countries, it's highly recommended to set the service endpoint to the corresponding one described in our [official website](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/25489.htm). Default `endpoint` is `https://ecs-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com.`
```
